c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\BGL_Test.dll.config
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\BGL_Test.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\BGL_Test.pdb
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\obj\Debug\BGL_Test.dll
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\obj\Debug\BGL_Test.pdb
c:\users\kundan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\obj\Debug\BGL_Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\BGL_Test.dll.config
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\BGL_Test.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\BGL_Test.pdb
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\obj\Debug\BGL_Test.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\obj\Debug\BGL_Test.dll
C:\Users\kkishore\Downloads\BGL_Test\BGL_Test\obj\Debug\BGL_Test.pdb
